TL-CORNER: Position 0%, Align Start, Line 0.
Should hug the absolute top-left edge.
BR-CORNER: Position 100%, Align End, Line -1.
Should hug the absolute bottom-right (Line -1 is the last line).
CONSTRAINED-WRAP: 20% size width.
This text must wrap into a very skinny tall pillar.
THIS SHOULD BE CENTRED.
IF IT ISN’T, AHHH!!!
ABSOLUTE-LINE: Line 15 (Integer).
Testing if you support fixed line-step positioning vs percentage.
VERTICAL-RL: Top-right corner, flowing downwards.
Common layout breaker for 'width' vs 'height' calculations.
VERTICAL-LR: Top-left corner, flowing downwards.
The "mirror" test for vertical flow.
OVERFLOW-TEST: Position 50% but Align Start with 100% size.
This should technically push the box off the right side of the screen.
Test your "Clamping" logic!
LEGACY-ALIGN: Using 'line-left' instead of 'start'.
Testing support for legacy alignment keywords.
NO-ALIGN: Testing default behavior.
When no align is specified, it should default to 'center'.